也不必要一一一的列举
呃
就是那些商业段子就可以了
每一个小板块上记三点
Okay
八组每组记三点
至少多了不限
拿出一张纸
对
然后我们在课下要把这张纸拍照
发到学习通作为平时成绩
而且还会用于课下的一个作业
一个写后作业
准备好纸
我有纸跟大家分享一下
拿块也可以
这是啊O K这是一段大众都不知道的历史
O K咱们一起学习儿童新诗
Good morning and welcome to this phone and I was now identified to introduce myself as the doctor. The world comes not to us, but we must come to it. 打扰一下
你这样画一个
画个八个块就可以了
对吧
嗯
写上题目
写三点
In shenzhen guangdong as a teenager he studied in honolulu where he was first exposed to western ideas. Later
he entered the College of Medicine for Chinese in Hong Kong and graduated with honors in 1892. After graduation
soon began practicing medicine. He was invited to work at Kwong Wai Hospital in Hong Kong
becoming the first Chinese Western medicine doctor in Hong Kong. He later opened his own. primarily on luna estrella. As a doctor, soon was excellent. He once removed a ghost as large as a day from a patient for poor patients. He charged no fees and even provided free medicines. He was not just a doctor, he was one of the first generation of modern trade physicians in China. But soon he will realize. That China need more than medicine. Now, let me hand it over to Chen Yuxuan, who will explain why Sun Yat-sen gave up the promise career. Thank you, Mr. Wang. So why would a successful young doctor give up everything? The answer lies in China's condition in the late 19th century. China became a. Man of Asia
the Qing government was corrupt
foreign powers were invading and people were suffering
Soon realized that individual could not save a dying patient
There's a famous conversation between Sun and his mother
His mother asked：Do you go medicine and. he though revolution exposed people why why but survive wen replied medicine can only help a few but revolution can can save hundreds of millions of chinese. The final push came in 1894. Sun Yat-sen detailed reform proposals to Li Hongzhang, a powerful Qing official. He suggested modernizing agriculture, education, and the economy. But he never received a reply. That moment soon realized that relying on Qing government to reform itself was impossible. If he couldn't heal individuals under under this program system he would kill the system itself he his he exchanged his for a time but his goal remained remained the same to hear next will tell这这种关键的地方
用中文在给
强调一下
比较对大家来说比较陌生
可能就是他上他就是去上诉了一下文章
但是就是他上诉很多次
文章没有给回应
呃
后面他就决定去做一些变革
就是发动一些呃变革来改变一下
来这个现状来处理
就是来对抗一下这个政府
嗯
他不知道什么
把他的原句翻译成中文
再来学一遍
三十
他一直依靠政他一直要依靠依政府改孩改革幻想呢
哎
不要说出来了
不要说
就少女时代
This create a very rough trade down on one side. 防守中
嗯
咋不会了
嗯
他就把他就把他治疗个体个体的疾病转转为什么
转为嗯治疗这个嗯治疗这个国家
对吧
I after to soon in 18 four he founded in the first revolutionary group in china was china establish a. United Government in 90, in 95 he founded Tong Meng Hui in Tokyo, the first unified revolutionary party. He proposed the three great principles of the people. Nationalism, democracy and people's livelihood. His diagnosis was the root cause his presidency always aimed to establish a republic. Armed uprisings revolutionary propaganda in nineteen eleven wuchang uprising succeeded qing dynasty overthrow nation at case patient and revolution case surgery
嗯
这是真好
这是你们自己自己还是自己查出来的
啊
你查查出来了
那说明你查的比较深入
ok
来给大家 highlight 一下
就是他他就把治疗这个国家比
就像医生一样治疗这个国家
然后他给出的他的诊断就是这个封建君主制
就是他的这这个跟这个
然后他开了一个处方
就是把推翻清政府
然后他的治疗方案就是通过起义来建立一个新的
Last what's choice means for China first why medicine was not this doctor over over over 2000 years for China's first republic and inspired generation into fight for democracy and freedom. The symbol is personal succeed means nothing if the nation is孙 from that the highest form of killing is nation. 呃
what does what what this means for us as medical students
呃
firstly reflecting medical student today
does sun's story mean studying medicine is useless
The answer is no
because sun was a doctor
he understood human suffering deeply
because he understood his values
he could understand science
The message to us is medical skills heal the body, humaneness and social responsibility heal the world. Sun Yixian's story reminds us sometimes the prescription for a nation's illness is not found in a fancy market social change. The last is closing thoughts: his struggle with China is his last work. 嗯
你吓死我了
要不要重复一下他最后的遗言
struggle save china
对
ok
peace struggle save china
ok
没有批评指导
这个 appreciation
呃
呃
我们看这个真的挺 inspiring 的是吧
that is why we call him national father
为什么我们管它叫国富
对吧
为什么
哎
大家抬头看了吗
它推翻了多少几千年的封建制度
几千年
啊
2000年
ok
建立了第一个共和
对吧
ok
对
所以他被称为国父
这跟一个弃义从仁
弃义从政
也是我们的一方面
对吧
不讲
当然好
下一个
对
咱们遇到一些转折点呀
特别要点的这些地方
就用中文再给它highlight一下啊
The world has noticed the Chinese success with barefoot doctors. They saw the training model of being able to provide basic affordable care was a highly effective model. The agreement this this agreement is that the remaining stop the conference we have to officially become a global agenda the.  point in a said of Chinese nothing duty with him even the. shook making him that the special Chinese people was far more. 就是他著名的提出了这个药对药治疗人的身体不是最重要的事情
因为当今中国最重要的事情是改变中国人麻木的思想
嗯
麻木的思想
他怎么看呢
嗯
他的标题是看了一个幻灯片
是什么幻灯片给大家讲
通过嗯外国侵略者在屠杀中国人
而围观的中国人没有感到嗯羞愧和愤恨
而是在一般像路人一样看热闹一样
事不关己高高挂起的那种姿态
这表现了我们国人很麻木
而且正是这种愚昧
所看到的需要就是要唤醒中国人的麻木的地方
嗯
unless the and its significance呃鲁迅made the that decision to shift from government body to killing source鲁迅鲁迅made the decision to abandon medicine and pursue literature believing that words more a were a more powerful tool to awaken chinese people. He saw literature as a means to criticize feudal traditions, expose national weaknesses, and foster a new modern national character. The tries established him as the founding father of modern Chinese literature. His works like diary of a madman continue to resonate. All of the questions asked me now. Finally
The profound impact and enlightenment on modern literature lu pione modern Chinese literature and championed the use of Chinese make literature accessible to masses enlightenment for. Intellectuals
he set an example for intellectuals to engage with social
intellectual to engage with society critically and take responsibility for national progress
呃
he emphasizes independent thought culture introspection and the importance of a strong national spirit remains highly relevant today
嗯
就是鲁鲁迅的深远影响和他的启示
对对我们的启示
然后鲁迅开创了呃现代的中文
呃
就是那白白话文
并且使得那个
呃
文字能够被更多人所接受
然后他创建了一个呃
嗯嗯
知识分子的
社批对吧然后是他那个啊对社会的批判
还有就是嗯嗯自我的反省还有那种坚韧的民族精神嗯嗯然后对现在国也有高度的那种批判的影响
嗯
怎么讲
那现在是什么
就是就是要以批判精神来对待
就是现实中遇到的事物啊
当时当当有社会主流的时候是吧
嗯
当民不聊生的时候
嗯
老师
声音洪亮特别好
ok ok
welcome
呃
take you
大家有没有记
有没有记
老师也在记
是吧
老师就觉得
哎呦
有的地方都记
这个这个地方都不够用
ok
要记啊
你要拍照当作业交的啊
会记录平时成绩啊
就是你你在认真的听
但是不要不要打开P P T
全程我们今天要手机把手机扣上
不许看手机
来
他们看同学讲来吧
第三组手机扣上啊
不许不许拿手机敲啊
好
そう
Passenger, passenger. prevent. Today, I am honored to talk about Guo, a towering and a multif and a multif figure in the history of modern Chinese culture spending the spending to the late 9 to the late 20th century. Guo was not only a prominent point. Playwright, historian and archaeologist, but also a passionate social activist. He was hailed as another brilliant banner on Chinese culture from after Lu Xun, a title that speak volumes about his replaceable statues and far reaching influence in the 20th century Chinese culture and social arena. He's a true Renaissance man in modern China, whose contributions stretch across literature, academia and public service, leaving an indelible mark on China's modern transformation. 呃
let's start with the key stage of his extraordinary life born in Lishan, Lishan, Sichuan Province in 1992, uh, 1892. Bobo grew up in an era when China was facing unprecedented changes and crisis driven by the aspiration to save the nation and heal the people. He went to Japan to study medicine in 1914. Determined to use medical skills to relieve the physical suffering of his compatriots and contribute to the country's rejuvenation, that was the initial choice of a young man with the sensory patriot heart. Yet life would lead him to different pace that would ignite the spiritual fire of the nation
嗯
嗯
嗯
嗯嗯
The pivot shift from the medicine to the literature is a crucial chapter in Guo Moro's life, a choice shaped by personal circumstances, inner patience and the tide of the times. Firstly, a childhood illness left him with a partial darkness. Making it nearly impossible to engage in clinical medicine, which relies heavily on calculation. This physical limitation forced him to re-examine his life direction. More importantly, his deep love for literature never faded. He was immersed in Chinese classical classics since childhood, and after coming into contact with the Western literature masters such as The One Man and The Ghost in Japan, his poetic soul was fully awakened, and the desire to express and create surged in his heart. Most significantly, the post Wei Fourth Movement era was a time when the whole nation was seeking change and awakening. Guo Moruo keenly realized that literature is a more powerful weapon than medicine; it can arouse the national consciousness, inspires the people's spirit. And point the way for the confused China. Thus he resoluted, put down the scalpel and picked up the pen, embarking on a literary journey of weakening the national and reflecting the time. 嗯
他等一下
那他到底是什么一个契机
转折点是什么
什么
嗯
他是一个什么样的契机
使他就是他他觉得可能就是临床医学不如这个拿起笔
唤醒人类的意识比较
他们怎么怎么突然就有这种想法
是受别人的影响吗
不知道是吗
那继续
The choice gave birth to the generation of literary masterpieces, and the most representative one is The Goddess, published in 1921. His collection of poems is widely regarded as the cornerstone of modern Chinese free verse poetry, a milestone that completely changed the developed course of Chinese poetry. Deeply influenced by women and Shelley, the goddess is a full of unrestrained romantic passion, boldly expressing the yearn for freedom, individual liberation and the pursuit of a new life. It broke the shackles of the traditional Chinese poetry's tonal patterns and metrical constraints, pioneering a free, flexible and expressive new poetic form. Which is a bold revolution in the history of the Chinese portrait. 呃
what more valuable is that the book is not just for personal emotional expression
but a vivid reflection of the that just of the
这里面的文字是他的呃main idea吗
还是他的原文
呃
就是这个P P T上面只是放少
是原文吗
原文
是上他的
他这个这个作品的一个
不是不是不是
原文是吗
不是
就是简简介
对对
 of the post may fourth era it condenses the ferment aspiration of the whole national for national renewal and embodies the radical spirit of the generation of young people who dared to break away from the old traditions. And pursue a new future. Among its key points, the near banner of the Phoenix uses the mice of the Phoenix rising from the ashes as a powerful allegory symbolizing China's great potential for rebirths and. Revolution in the midst hardships which has inspired countless uh patriot. The Heavenly Dogs is a bold declaration of individualism, with the bold image of devoting the sun, moon and stars, expressing the courage to challenge the old forces and break the shackles of the traditions. Earth, my mother, is a sincere, sincere praise of nature and the cosmos, full of a passionate feeling expressing a deep connection with the earth and rejecting human centric arrogance. Showing a unique spiritual realm. In the same year that Goddess was published, Guo Moruo also co-founded the Creation Society, which gathered a group of passionate young literature creators, further promoting the development and prosperity of China's new literature and sowing the seeds of the literature for the times. Gomorrah's life was always closely linked with the fate of the country and the nation, and he never limit himself to the literary world. He was a passionate revolutionary and a responsible scholar who always worked with the times. In 1926 to 1927, he threw himself into the revolutionary tide without hesitation. Participating in the Northern Expedition and the Nanchang Uprising, using his action to practice his patriotic beliefs and fight for the country's future. In 1942, in the midst of the War of Resistance against the Japanese Aggression, he created the famous play Qu Yuan, which took the patriotic point Qu Yuan in ancient times as a prototype. Expressing the unyielding spirit of patriotic resistance and inspiring the nation's morale of the whole nation to fight against the Japanese invaders, becoming a separatist banner in the war years from 1928 to 1937 during the. During the occupation in Japan, he didn't stop his exploration and research. Instead, he devoted himself wholeheartedly to the study of ancient Chinese history and archaeology and achieved groundbreaking research results, filling many gaps in the academic fields and laying a solid foundation for the study of ancient Chinese history. After the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, he held a number of high-ranking cultural and academic positions, taking on the important task of shaping China's post-war cultural development policy. He integrated his academic research with national culture. Construction making important contributions to the inheritance and innovation of Chinese traditional culture, and he divided his modern Chinese culture. Looking back at Gomer's life, his historical influence and legacy. are profound and far-reaching. First of all, he is known as the father of the modern Chinese poetry. The goddess established the foundation of the modern Chinese free verse, breaking the thousand-year-old pattern of the traditional poetry and inspiration generations of the poets to carry out creative exploration. Which fundamentally changed the development courses of the Chinese poetry. Secondly, he was an important cultural bridge in the new culture movement. He introduced advanced western literature, literary ideas and artistic forms to China, and at the same time explored and interpreted Chinese classical culture traditions. Realizing the organic integration of the Chinese and Western cultures and providing a new perspective for the modern transformation of the Chinese culture. In addition, he is a rare scholar and statement in the modern China. His groundbreaking research in archaeology and ancient history was pushed the studies of Chinese preaching history and bronze to a new height in the field of public service. He was always adhered to the original aspiration of serving the country and the people, and made important contributions to the construction of Chinese culture because. With his own wisdom and effort, he perfectly combined academic research, literary creation and social practice, and his life is a vivid interpretation of the integration of intellectual and the times of in modern China. それ、あの
はい
啊
呃郭 was a呃 complex这个东西直接看着看着他说了是吧没有没有没有额外加的了吧有额外加不要加不要加了直接 was a complex and figure and revolutionary那边了吧到这边了一直你们我一直就没提醒你们来到这边
脱离那个角度啊
对
His journey from a would be doctor to a literature icon was driven by personal passion and shaped by the powerful currents of his time. His choice to wield the pen instead of the scalpel allowed him to diagnose the ills of his nation and prescribe a vision of a new china. So his art his life and work would remain a vital part of chinese modern identity thank you guys ok thank you 就这样
那那两个女女生是干嘛
我们俩
她找资料做P P T
然后就在在上面
我们本身打算要对
我们一直讲
让他讲让他从头讲到尾的
然后后来就是我们俩分工了一下
因为有点太多了
就是O K而且你负责串
今天把它串的对吧
O K然后刚才刚才简单的发了一下
就公文的七从文的具体内容
就是他就是双文有先天性缺陷
嗯
所以导致就是在听诊方面无法完全胜任
嗯
还有就是他本身就是就是文学方面的
所以他本身就是文学记忆的非常好
再加上当时的时代的因素影响
他做革命
所以他这个是ok内因外因在一起
成为他的career part是吧
ok非常好
嗯
thank you very much
就这样
这种东西准备的非常的充分
然后理解的非常的透彻
呃
就有一点点小小的建议
就是我们的一个短的
比如说五六分钟的presentation啊
你不用额外加很多
ok
就这上展示的什么东西
你用自己的话给它串一下就可以了
讲清楚要点就可以了
ok
行
来下一组
第四组
您可能
继续记录啊
继续记录
可能
However, today our four of us will give a speech about the international communist fighter. 嗯
Let's begin with the profile, the life journey. The person was born in March 3, 1890, Garvin Harris, Ontario, Canada. The key experience is he has received medical studies at the University of Toronto. And he served in the war in the World War One as the first of World War World War as a battlefield surgeon. Uh, he practiced medicine. Medicine in Europe, Canada and US. And he arrive arrived in China in nineteen nineteen thirty thirty eight to support the Chinese anti Japanese. 嗯
可以到这边吗
Um, his call, his call, he hold the cock be is um the medicine is a tool for justice and equality. He holds mission in China to train Chinese medical workers and to provide frontline medical care for soldiers and civilians, and he passed away in November 12th, 1998. nineteen thirty nine嗯tang county hebei due to the broad per personnel. CONTRIBUTION. Innovation, federal medicine reforms are divided. 呃
可以分为三部分
第一是开发移动医疗单元
Go front line here, and the second is redesign future equipment for few rules. The third is captain. mortality rate of wounded soldier by seventy five percent. 那中文给大家翻译一下
啊
就是这个他创新的地方嘛
就是医疗的改革
就是战地医疗改革
就是发展了这个移动救护的这个系统
然后在这个前线的关照
这个医疗
然后是重新设计了那个
在呃战地使用的输血系统
然后第三个就是呃
他也算是贡献力吧
就是把这个呃伤员的死亡率下降呃
下降了75%
然后还有
三分钟回复
这一块的
技术创新
The time you need is next to surgery in more car condition
这里被挡着
就是他那个是胸骨手术
在战时胸骨手术的先驱
嗯
叫什么名字
叫叫best you read share
好像是有这么一个
还专门有这么一个名词
是给他的那个手术的名字
是不是
对
有那么一个
白色的内补刀
嗯
就是第二个就是教育和传承
然后第一个是medical pay
然后train our three hundred chinese doctors and nurses
然后是compile textbooks for more time medical practice
Establish medical clinics and training bases in Europe China
His small models shame China's one time make up system. 我觉得这显示他的教育
有传承
他还建立了frontier hospital
The first part is the on service. He says the life of a man should be measured by the work he does, not by the years he lives. And he believes that medicine is not a business but a calling to serve humanity. So, uh, when he was asked to asked to uh have a rest during uh a lot of ser- ser- ser- services, he says I'm here to help, not to command, to heal, uh, not to... 哈哈
嗯
是不
嗯
呃
not too dark啊
not too dark
多好呀
嗯
这都是他写的字是吧
呃
yes
是就是这边的都是他写的字
你看写的还有点像中国的草书呢
嗯
就就就中文
他在那学
然后啊
对呀
还挺正规的草书
嗯
然后
The next part is on the word is sacrifice and ideal the first is a sacrifice is not the price of greatness but the of it文这几话都用中文给大家串
你牺牲不是这个伟大的呃伟伟大的这个呃price
他的原文
他的原文应该是英文吧
是吗
它原文是中文还是英文
英文英文啊
他就啊
嗯
不是伟大的这个
就是代价或者什么
但是呃
而是这个他的呃
就是对对对
呃
he he who serve serves the people with all his heart will never be forgotten 就是全心全意服务人民的
人永远不会被忘
呃
my life belongs to the cause of saving lives
呃
wherever is needed
我生命应该属于这个
就是就是去拯救生命
不论他在哪里被需要
不论哪里的人需要
这两个生命我的
呃
我觉得应该在那里
嗯
大家对第一句话怎么理解
什么是伟大
就说呃
一个伟大的人
他要付上牺牲的代价
还是说他因为有牺牲的精神
因此而伟大
我觉得应该是后后
这就是他的意思
对吧
对你并不是说哎呀
我付上代价了
我牺牲了呀
这样的人
他当有这样自自怜的心态的时候
他就称不上伟大是吧
对
嗯
然后第一句就是呃一个人的生命不应该
作为医呃医咱们医学生把这把他这几句话拷贝下来
O K耶呃
一个人的生命不应该呃被他的这个呃一个人的生命应该呃被衡呃被他做了什么去衡量
而不是他活了多少年去衡量
嗯
做了什么工作
对
然后
第二句
这个这个医学它不是一个呃生意
它是一个就是人性的这么一个号召
去服务这个这个
就是就是这个
他
就就就就是为服务人类的
服务人类的号召
嗯
然后他第三句就是我来这儿是为了帮忙的
而我不是来发号施令的
真的是我是来治病救人的
不是来这个乱断的
对
judgment
很多时候我们在帮助别人的时候
实际上是临阵弃使
是吧
对
那时候我们就实际上就失去了我们的该有的人文精神
哎
人文精神是 to help 而不是 to command
 to heal 而不是 judge
ok
我们会对对方说啊
你应该这样那样那样
啊
我的好意
然后跟你着急了
怎么样
那谁要是just是come on
而不是help
不是heal
ok是吧
我们对病人也是一样
哎
ok
呃
and that part
And last part is the narration about doctor byson. 原应是文From the Chinese medical community he is a mentor who turned his to hope for one and from the chinese people中文呢呃中文就是就中文就是翻译哈
呃
对
他的原文应该是中文
对吧
哦
他的原文意思就是就是来自这个中国医学界来讲
就是他们将白求恩看作是一位将绝望转化为希望的一个导师
嗯
是吧
是那些伤伤病员
对吧
嗯
对
And from the Chinese people, dog prices is a symbol of sino canadian friendship and internationalism
这个意思就是
对于中国人民而讲
然后白求恩的话
他是那个中加友谊以及国际主义的一个象征
嗯
国际主义精神
嗯
呃
and about wartime commemorations
呃
there are memorial hospitals and schools named in his honor
In international representation, a doctor. 呃
recognition呃
doctor price
It's a pioneer of global. You may you may be in metal age. And honored by the union as a hero of humanity. 嗯嗯嗯嗯点一下
哦
这意思就是就是全国人道主义
就是他们就是将白求恩看作是全国人道主义的一个医疗援助上的先驱
同时
白求恩大夫也被联合国誉为是人类英雄嗯哦
And finally, spirit education. often and. Professionalism嗯is the internal legacy
Internal legacy inspiring medical workers worldwide to this day. 白求恩精神是什么
嗯
就是
奉献利他以及专业
奉献利他专业
是不是也作为我们医学
工作者应该有的是吧
奉献利他
ok
而不是哪个药贵
哪个提成高
开哪个药
对吗
ok
专业
Stanley, the normal life is a testament to the power of conversation and education. His contributions to medicine and humanity transcend time and borders. 好
我们来休息一会啊
哎
那也是
还有武警
你继续
嗯
快点
侬伐
嗯
不用
这个七八个
你走之后怎么办
对
一共是九个组
你只记其他组的
所以是八个对吧
八个小号啊啊
有什么想听的歌
哪歌发到群里啊
啊
这好
这主播已经把这两个呃发到群里了
来
我们这个新发的还是那个626
那个626那个
我怕我怕
我
能够对
点那种
嗯
请问你你
感觉这个有
你
嗯
FOR ME. Darling just died right. Follow my lead. I FOUND A LOVE. For me
Darling just died right in
Follow my lead. I found a girl. BEAUTIFUL AND SWEET. I never knew you were someone waiting for me, because we were just kids when we fell. In love, not knowing what it was. I wanna give you up this time. God and just kiss me slow your heart is so. And in your eyes, yours and mine. Baby, I'm dancing in the dark with you between my arms. barefoot on the cross, listening to our favorite song. When you said you looked a mess, i whispered underneath my breath. You heard it, darling, you. I found a woman. Stronger than anyone I know. She shares my dreams, I hope that someday I'll share her home. To carry more than just my secrets, to carry love, to carry children of our own. Only I still can't do it. So in love. It can't go. I know it will be alright this time
Darling, you hold my hand, and my girl, we are. I see the future. 爱对岸
Dancing in the dark
You would take my love wherever. 很快
Listening to our favorite song, when I saw you in the dress, looking so beautiful. Deserves the new world
你让我心碎
Baby呀
担心你在走
You between me
别问
Gods, well listening to our favorite song, I have faith in all that I see. Now I know I have many
要
I don't deserve that you. 奈何
嗯
Follow me
一个
Put your makeup on, get your nails done, curl your hair, run the extra mile, keep it slim, slow they like you. Do they like you? Get your sexy on, don't be shy girl, take it off. This is what you want to live on. Do they like you? Do you like you? You don't have to try so hard. You don't have to give it all away. You just have to get up, get up, get up, get up. You don't have to change a single thing. You don't have to try, try, try, try. You don't. To try try try try you don't have to try try try try you don't have to try you don't have to try

It's a shopping on at the mall credit cards you don't have to choose buy it all so like you. Do they like you? Wait a second, why should you care what they think of you? You're all alone by yourself. Do they like you? Tell you like you. You don't have to try so hard. You don't have to give it all away. You just have to get up, get up, get up, get up. You don't have to change a single thing. You don't have to try so hard. You don't have to bend till you break. You just have to get up, get up, get up, get up. You don't have to change a single thing. You don't have to try, try, try, try. You don't have to try, try, try. You want to try try try try i i you want to try try try try i i you want to try try try try i i you want to try
You have to try
You don't have to try so hard, you don't have to give it all away, you just have to get up, get up, get up, get up, you don't have to change a single thing, you don't have to try, try, try, try. You don't have to try
Take your makeup off
let your hair down
take a breath
look into the mirror
at yourself
don't she like you
Cause I like you
はい
嗯
第二
新
我想着说话呢
又
行
嗯
嗯
再来继续
はい
第第五组
对吧
你跟乔治
ok
let's welcome
嗯
刚才给大家提的建议别忘了啊
尽量尽量脱离那个讲桌
然后呃重点的地方highlight一下
ok大家把手机收起来
抬头看
别忘了记录啊
第二段
we are going to introduce lin george
the mother of ten thousand babies
Life is precious for a person nothing is more precious than their life and if they entrust me with that life how could i reduce that trust saying i am cold hungry or tired. This statement by Doctor林巧志 offers a profound insight turn turn by forty five degrees
对
对对对对对
转45度
对
至少给个侧面啊
要给个45度侧面最好了
嗯
This statement by 邓小平小平 offers a profound insight into the heart of this remarkable woman and the conviction that guided her through a lifetime of dedicated service. 嗯
你好
Deeply affected by her mother's death, she chose medicine over traditional marriage at 18. Defying the traditional expectation of marriage for woman, her resolve was clear in her response to her brother's objection. I'd rather stay single to study all my life. 哎
稍等上面那一个
他说的那句话真的太适合我们医生了
是吧
铭记于心
他说life
我们来一起念一下吧
是吧
这一节课光听了上面那个啊
来所有同学开场啊
一起念一下
one two life
life is precious to per person nothing more precious than their life if they entrust me with them
How could i refuse that trust 真的是是吧
铭记于心啊
然后那个各组啊
各组把你们所收集到的
他们那些名言
非常有有价值的
把它拍一下
就把它集中在一起
像刚才那个同学一样
然后拍发到群里
ok直接发到群里啊
这个
Her humanistic care was manifested in her lifelong devotion to her professional calling after graduating with top honors from Peking Union Medical College and. Becoming the first female resident physician in its obstetric gynecology. 她是第一个女性什么妇妇产科的的住院住院医师医师嗯
study abroad driven by the desire to serve the woman and children at home. IN NINETEEN FORTY-ONE
She became the first Chinese woman to direct the obstetric department at P. O. M. C. Hospital. When the department closed due to the war, she opened a private. Clinic charging low fees and often providing free care for the poor, sometimes even riding a donkey to distant villages. 那长头发再一挡更看不见了
把把长头发捋一捋
然后脸朝朝这头扭一扭啊
嗯
treat patients as our own sisters this spirit of sisterhood and responsibility was the heart of doctor yan qiao's medical humanism. One powerful example shows her care beyond just medical skills a rural woman with mild mental impairment became pregnant some said. Some suggested ending the pregnancy, saying the child should not be born, but doctor Lin refused to judge quickly. She did careful checks, talked with the woman and her family, and saw her real abilities. She took a simple test. You never take away a woman's right to motherhood or a child's right to life. Against pressure
she safely delivered baby and gave long term care. This shows she cared about the person
not just the label created in respect of life. doctor li's humanistic care was patient and centered and lifelong first it started with empathy and became a guiding principle for her selfless heart second she treat she treated all patients equally. Practicing fairness and defending dignity, which reflects respect, justice and kindness in medicine. Third, her care was consistent throughout her life, from her youth to her final moments. family. Finally her legacy lives on as the mother of ten thousand mothers inspiring all household workers. Her life teaches us medicine is a humane science and doctors' greatness lies in a compassionate responsibility heart. Now let's talk about the insurance nature of the doctor in George
HONORED AS THE MOTHER OF TEN THOUSAND BABIES, LIN QIAOZHI IS THE NAME TO REMEMBER. COUNTLESS CHILDREN WERE NAMED NIE LIN, UH AS REMEMBER LIN, UH HUAI LIN, CHEN XING LIN, UH HER SPIRIT LIVES ON IN THE PEOPLE, AND FOR HER PHILANTHROPIC LEGACY. She donated her life savings to a kindergarten and founded new doctors, nurturing future hope beyond individual care. And Lin Qiaozhi is also a symbol of compassion. Her title Mother of Ten Thousand Babies encapsulates her lifelong. Her lifelong dedication to nurturing life and supporting women. Dr Lin's life demonstrates that medicine is not just a science but a human science. Her spirit is the most vivid textbook for medical humanities education. And furthermore, the engineering legacy of Doctor Lin humanistic care extends beyond her personal achievements in an area, in an area of advanced technologies. Doctor Lin's example reminds us of the essence of the medicine. The compassionate, especially the patient center care over diagnostic long. She insisted on seeing the person behind the collision. Besides, all principles that Doctor Lin embodied decades ago inform global medical ethics. Emphasizing empathy, communication and cultural competence. Therefore, a study of Dr. Lin Qiaozhi is not merely an act of historical remembrance; it is a vital engagement with a living tradition that informs how we train future doctors, examine patient care protocols, and measure the true success of. Health care system study her life help study her life helps design patient care protocols and measure true success that is treating people not just diseases. In the last, let's have a conclusion about Lin Xiaozhi. Her spirit can be divided into three parts: a life of dedication, the warmth of medicine, and an enduring inspiration. Her lifelong practice embodied great skill and sincere compassion, merging medical expertise with profound. She proved medicine is not just science but a human science where doctor's greatness lies in the benevolent heart and her spirit remains a precious guide for healthcare professionals and vivid textbook for medical. Humanities education
Let's have a final reflection. The question for today, doctor lin's life asks, are we treating disease or are we caring for human beings? And a call to action, her legacy challenges us to carry forward her spirit of compassion, ensuring healthcare remains. Rooted in the memory and closing thought the mother of ten thousand babies warmed lives with her own may her light continue to shine in every patient 嗯
这个这个 question 是是谁总结的
The question for today. 是那个
是是A I总结的还是你们总结
是我们自己的
谢谢总结的你提的那个问题
are we treating diseases or are we caring for human beings
这句话是
这句话是谁总结的
是你总结的吗
你个人总结的哦
应该是那个
资料里的嗯
是吧
大家这个也值得值得一学
是吧
我刚才在想
咱们要不要来一个志愿者
一个同学来做
因为我们要做一个写作的
所有同学都要做
是不是
来一个志愿者
愿意特别愿意搜集的
就把呃同学的
或者说各自做也行
各自把自己的搜集起来
放在一个
一个文档里
然后再再再收集成收集到一起
组成一个文档来做这个把这些人他们所说的一些有意义的话
是吧
我们用句子总结起来
现在
在我们整个这一生的行医当中
先打一个基础
是吧
ok
来继续吧
很好
这个问题
这是医学人们所要面对的问题
对吧
ok
humanity
ok
thank you very much
good job
来下一组
也
就当是六百块钱
We are group six today we'll talk about topic about june twenty six i am zhang jiahe 然后我们的成员是张家贺、呃
刘青霞、刘家浩和董晨曦
let's start today's presentation with a simple but rough question. Who gets health care first? Who gets care first? Imagine a health care system that is a small minority. What happens to everyone else? Look at the chart on the right side. This was the reality in China back in 1965. As you can see, there was a huge gap between cities and the countryside. There are only 15% of urban minority but takes the most health resources and the left. EIGHTY, EIGHTY FIVE PERCENT OF RUMOR MARRIAGE WAS LEFT BEHIND. the other eighty eighty five percent. Of people, most people living in a rural area which is left behind with almost no modern medical care. Chairman Mao started strongly criticized the bad fact situation in medical humanities. We don't just study how we treat diseases, we also need to care about legally about equality and how medical resources are shared. So how did the country try to fix this massive 50% problem? This brings us to a major turn point in history. それから、その次
As we just discussed, the problem of the medical resources being consumed. You the part comes in twenty six the five is most famously known as the我这一扭头
大家都在低头
现在626它是一个
叫什么呢
嗯
那个那个重头戏
ok
重头戏
就是这个是在我们中
我们中国解放之后的最重要的一个医学人文事件
ok
 嗯
当时的重大问题
所以抬头啊
抬头
你看你们在准备的时候是不是有很多收获
对吧
那么你其他八组你都没有准备
我正好是我们的学习的机会
把这一段历史了解一下
你就有点闷
ok
来
抬头
抬头
手机收起来啊
At that time, the health system faced a heavy criticism for being too urban centered. While the cities consumed most of the medical resources, the vast rural area faced a real crisis, no doctors. Millions of our peasants was practically left with no doctor and no medicine to fix that an equal situation. A major policy which side was announced house work must shift this point to the countryside. The government said two main goals: the two main goals first. To expand the basic care, making sure the primary health care is finally with the farmers. Second, to focus on the mass disease prevention rather than just the specialized treatment in big urban hospital. So the core idea is to make basic healthcare fair and accessible to the vast majority. But how did they actually? To this ambitious goal into practice, let's move the next slide and speak to my partner Liu Qingxiang. This is why the zhu 26 directive is not only about policy, it is also about fairness. And from that perspective, it's also a medical humanitarian topic. Let's think about that. When a country does not have enough doctors and money, it must make a choice. Should it give very good care to a small number of people or basic care to much larger number of people? 呃
大家也可以投票
咱们选择的是access first
因旧尽旧
还是quality first优质服务
呃
选择access first可以举手
你们
依旧依旧
哦
好的
选择quality first可以接受优质服务
Uh, yeah, just as most of us expected, the June twenty-sixth. Directive clearly choose the way access first
因旧禁旧
用那个用激光笔
对
好
 to carry out this policy china developed the barefoot doctor model these were local health workers with short medical training 就是他有这个 three 就是快速快速的
First is the provision of food for the illnesses, and just to care about the conditions and stabilize. As third line's education is to educate the public, uh, to the common health. 好大的
呃
they did not replace for doctors but they could help with common health problem in villages 就是他当时没有特别多的医生
但是他可以就是让大部分人都就是有有一个这样的齿咬医生来帮助他们
就是让很多没有这种医生的地方的地儿也也有一个
就挺好的
然后 they treat they treated simple units taught pagin and help prevent disease 就是教他们一些预防疾病的一些方法
然后还有帮助他们治疗一些疾病
 if a patient had a serious problem they could send the person to a higher level hospital so this was a practical way to bring healthy. Health closer to people就是让更多人有这个呃福利的
就是能接受到这些治疗
 I want you to focus on the court at doctor the not perfect medicine but to reach for medicine it is a very important concept in the medical humanity they remind us that sometimes a problematic. But a practical approach is better than just an idea one. The goal is not to provide advanced surgery in every village. The goal is to make sure everyone have at least some access to the basic care, whether they know care at all. 呃
this model become important because it works on a very large scale 就是大家可以看到它的规模是非常大的
需要医生
然后还有医医疗
这是医疗
对
然后呃 it help bring basic health care to many villages that had almost no medical medical service before 就是一些之前没有接触到过这些医疗的
呃
地区他们也可以有自己的需要
呃
more people could get simple treatment
health advice and prevention
就刚才说的可以接受到一些医生的建议
可以得到一些治疗
还有预防
of course it also has limited
呃
the training was short and medical
呃
quality was not always the same
就是
他不能保证很就是那个地方有很多的医生
但是只能就是能保证那个地方有有一个就是每400个人有一个对对
每400个人有一个就是他不能保证有很多
但是最起码有一个
嗯
但这个图他选的那个million比billion还高呢
嗯话错了可能是对是吧应该是那这个是这个是多的他应该特别多对他可他是减了两少倍减了一百倍没有没有他没有一个是一个是一个是他会误解以为人呃但一看他是 million他是是吧
So the therefore doctor system was not perfect
but it made healthcare more visible
就是他现在还没有特别的
呃
不是就是他当时没有
就是做到特别完美
但是最起码能给大家有一个生活的保障
嗯
还有他的limit
这个很客观
他还有他的limit limit
因为这个他只是一个基础的教育的一个呃专业嘛
所以就像我们上一个演示的呃特殊积分还是要取得上级的这个这个大本
对
所以他那是非常短期的培训
嗯
the influence of this system was not only inside China and also affected global health ideas. The World Health Organization has said that the barefoot doctor approach happens where the primary health care. moment 就说他这个不仅是在中国这边有影响
然后也是影响了全球卫生理念
然后世界卫生组织就表示这个赤脚医生模式为他们的初级卫生保健就是提供了启发
呃
在1978年
the declaration made primary healthcare an important goal for. 我们
呃你
This means china's rural health experience become part of larger global discussion about fairness prevention and community care 然后就是说中国的农村卫生经验成为了全球范围内关于
公平预防
还有社区医疗各大议题的一致性
If you look at the map on the screen, you will see a line connecting China and Alma Ata in the 1978 at the Alma Ata conference. The primary health care officially became a global agenda. The world sector have a famous and powerful goal: health for all. Health for all. From a medical technology study perspective, it shifts focus from just building expensive and high-tech hospitals to promote a true equality and accessible. It reminds us that future medical... hmm... as us future medical professionals. Just the health care should be rooted in the community, ensure that everyone, no matter where they live, they have access to basic health needs. During what we just discussed about the basic necessity, let's bring this concept into our world. As you can see, the title is the same question today. The June 26 directive is issued decades ago, but this core issue has really changed, has hasn't really changed. As it's hard, the true medical humanity comes down to a simple equation: just the reachable care plus barriers. It is not just about introducing the most advanced medical technology, it's about making sure ordinary people can actually get the help fairly and effectively. But it brings us to the timeless dilemma: who comes first? Who comes first? After future doctors and healthcare workers, we will face this exact challenge when medical resources are limited, whether money or resources. Do we choose and assess first? Approach provide the basic affordable care to as much people as possible, although we choose quality first approach focusing the absolute highest standard of treatment, even if few people can get it. There's not really perfect answer to this, so. So maybe we need to think this question in our future career. And the finalist reference I use in today's presentation, if you want further reading, this will get you deeper into this topic. 那个hu thank you very much那个hu b search那2017是什么
那是一篇论文啊
论文一篇论文在哪查的呃
在PubMed啊
然后World Bank Health and Policy Paper
这点在
在查的文献吗
都查到了他的原始文献
哦
你平常是不是跟着导师跟着老师做过科研
做过吗
也算吧
算过
ok
我仿佛看到了一个未来的大主任
ok
不仅是在临床上
还能还在科研上能够带
能够自己先学成
然后带领下面的团队去做干实事的那个
这个人O K对你是学临床的对对临床儿科的我是临床儿科的
张家贺
ok嗯
我我想你们团团队的人
张家贺刘青霞啊
ok团队的人肯定都那个那个那个那个异口同声都是赞许他
是不是ok带给你们团队做了非常非常优秀的一个团队
非常好
他现在
所有同学都很努力
ok
啊
so grab the book all of you ok
再来一组
再来一组可能会拖几分钟好吗
然后像上一个班一样
我们留两组两组
下节课来做
ok
啊
拖几分钟行吗
可以吗
还是下节课再做
好好好
那下节课再做
今天给大家留个作业啊
呃
一会我还要发在学习通
呃
根据刚才的刚才大家记录的这个
再加上学习
包括今天没有讲完的那些的PPT
你要认真的再读一遍
尤其没听到的那两个
然后说呃根据这两项啊
根据这两项
然后写一个300字左右的反思报告文章
OK
这个文章里包括两两方面的内容
一个是做一个回顾
REVERSE REVERSE SECTION
Of the medical humanity in the modern history of china ok 把我们中国近代史中的医学人文做一个回顾回顾
ok 然后再做一个反思
这两方面来写一篇300字的文章
ok 回顾当然你可以引用引用所有 ppt 里的一些一些一些文字
Ok
反思是你自己的反思
是医学人文方向的反思
ok
啊
是个整体的
历史
带有历史眼光的
去反思
大家明白吗
ok
发挥你的学术想象力
ok
人文想象力啊
看
就是very important
是overseeing
